the summit is just beginning and the
increasing power of the Sun is creating
a spectacular new landscape
this melting ice sheet in the Arctic is
a hundred and fifty miles long with a
thousand waterfalls
vast expanses of ice that were once
stone still have come to life
[Music]
the polar bears world is melting away
under the constant Summer Sun
as the season advances the frozen
surface of the ocean disintegrates soon
the ice here will have totally vanished
[Applause]
the polar bear family have to adapt to
their rapidly changing home for the two
cubs this is a whole new watery world
it's the first time they've seen the sea
ice breakup